So regarding that new project, I will actually continue with the one I have here
but you can of course create a new one with the Ionic start command.
What I'll do here is I'll simply get rid of my recipes folder here,
don't need that anymore
and then I'll generate new pages and of course I have to adjust my routing here and so on.
So let's start with generating new pages and we can do that with the Ionic generate page command.
Now which pages do we need?
We need a bunch of pages obviously, we'll certainly need an auth page
and I'll just name it auth.
That will be our auth screen which we see when we start the app for the first time when we haven't logged
in yet.
So let me run ionic generate page auth here and this will now give us a new auth folder and we'll add
that auth route to our app routing module.
Speaking of that, I can of course already delete that whole recipes routing stuff here. So that's the
auth route, the auth page, we're not done with that of course. We will also have a places area in this
app and you can name it whatever you want but with that, I mean the area where we can view all the places
we can book as well as offer new places and therefore what I want to have here is definitely some places
page which will actually later hold our tabs and inside of that places folder and therefore I'll repeat
the command
but now add a slash and then a sub-folder, a sub-component
I want to create so to say, I want to have let's say a search or a find or whatever you want to call it,
I'll name it search page
and that is basically the page which allows us to search or find new pages.
Well actually we'll not add a search bar,
so let's maybe call it discover,
that sounds good.
So we'll have our discover area here where we can discover places we can book and in order to be able
to discover something, people need to be able to offer places and therefore still in that places feature
area of our app,
I'll add my offers sub-folder and component and page and that will basically the other tab where we can
create a new page and see our offers. Speaking of that, well in our offers area, as I mentioned we have
to be able to create a new offer. So as another sub-folder here in the places/offers area, I'll
add new-offer as a new page which will now be generated inside of places/offers
and here it is, the new offer and that is basically where we will be able to enter the data for a new
place we want to offer.
There we'll also later include the capabilities to interact with the device camera and so on. Offering new
places is nice,
we also want to be able to edit our offerings, so I'll add a edit offer place too next to new offers.
So as a sibling to new offer, we now have the edit offer folder there and that will be our page for
well editing offers.
Now we're getting there,
we're done with the offers for now but in our places, we have that discover area, right?
So we created that discover sub-folder already.
Now that would be the page where we can see all the places we can book.
Now when we tap on one of these places, we want to see the details,
so here I'll add a place-detail component or page nested in my discover folder
and as you can already see, I am basically replicating the structure as we will have it in our URL
you could say, in that folder here too, in that project folder and that is a pattern you commonly
use and see when building Angular projects, no matter with or without Ionic. So that sounds pretty good,
we're able to find places, offer places,
what's missing?
Well we also want to be able to see bookings.
With that, I mean both bookings for places we offered as well as our own bookings. Now for places we offered,
I'll go back to places/offers and in there, next to edit offer and new offer,
I want to have my place bookings component let's say and you can name or let's name it offer bookings
to be in line, offer bookings, you can name this whatever you want of course.
So offer bookings will be a page we can go to from our offers page but we also have the bookings we
made ourselves
and that will now actually be a sibling to places because it's not nested in there, it's not in the same
tab navigation,
instead we'll be able to reach that via our side drawer later.
So here, I'll just add my bookings page which I then want to be able to
load and view and that's it for now. If we need more pages later, we can add them, we already added
a bunch of places. Feel free to pause the video and go through the folder structure and compare it with
the slides I attached to this module where I lay out the project structure, so that you get a feeling
for which folder which page belongs to which item on the slides and once you're done with that, let's continue,
let's update our routing configuration here which is not in the format I want it to be and let's of
course make sure that we also display things like tabs since on.